==================================================================
A tidy dataset generated from the UCI HAR raw dataset 
------------------------------------------------------------------
#### Wei Wei  2016-03-30

###### Raw dataset:

"Human Activity Recognition Using Smartphones Dataset Version 1.0" 

###### Weblink of the raw dataset:

https://d396qusza40orc.cloudfront.net/getdata%2Fprojectfiles%2FUCI%20HAR%20Dataset.zip 

###### A full description of the raw dataset:

http://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Human+Activity+Recognition+Using+Smartphones 


The tidy dataset includes the following files:
------------------------------------------------------------------

- 'README.md'

- 'all_mean_std.txt': the processed data by merging raw data and extracting only the variables that are the mean and standard deviation for each measurement

- 'tidy_avg.txt': the tidy data of the average of each variable for each activity and each subject

- 'run_analysis.r': the R script that generates 'all_mean_std.txt' and 'tidy_avg.txt' from the raw data

- 'codebook.md': the variables code book for 'run_analysis.r'


For each record in 'all_mean_std.txt' it is provided:
------------------------------------------------------------------

- An identifier of the subject who carried out the experiment.
- Its activity label. 
- A 66-feature vector with the variables that are measurements on the mean and standard deviation for each measurement. 
 

For each record in 'tidy_avg.txt' it is provided:
------------------------------------------------------------------

- An identifier of the subject who carried out the experiment.
- Its activity label.
- A 66-feature vector with the average of the variables for each activity and each subject.


Data processing steps:
------------------------ 

1. Merged the test and training sets from the raw dataset to create one data set as follows:
   1. 'subject_test.txt' was merged with 'subject_train.txt', 'y_test.txt' with 'y_train.txt', and 'X_test.txt' with 'X_train.txt' respectively.
   2. one data set was generated by merging the merged subject, y, and X data from step i.
2. Used descriptive activity names to name the 6 activities in the data set.
3. Labeled the data set with the 561 descriptive variable names.
4. Extracted only the 66 measurements on the mean and standard deviation for each measurement. This processed data is in 'all_mean_std.txt'.
5. From the dataset in step 4, created a tidy dataset with the average of each variable for each activity and each subject. This tidy data 
   is in 'tidy_avg.txt'.

